DEV/OP: cumulative changes for Redis CE 8 (#1219)
redis/docs: content/develop/interact/search-and-query/query/geo-spatial.md

weight: 4
---

> Redis Community Edition's geospatial feature allows you to query for data associated with geographic locations. You can either query for locations within a specific radius or based on geometric shapes, such as polygons. A polygon shape could, for instance, represent a lake or the layout of a building.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The geospatial feature in Redis Community Edition allows you to query for data associated with geographic locations. You can either query for locations within a specific radius or based on geometric shapes, such as polygons. A polygon shape could, for instance, represent a lake or the layout of a building.
```
